Bump update helm broker catalog on configmap change (#2746)
kyma-project/kyma: components/helm-broker/README.md

## Overview

> The Helm Broker is an implementation of a service broker which runs on the Kyma cluster and deploys applications into the Kubernetes cluster using Kyma bundles, and the [Helm](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm) client. A bundle is an abstraction layer over a Helm chart which allows you to represent it as a ClusterServiceClass in the Service Catalog. For example, a bundle can provide plan definitions or binding details. The Helm Broker fetches bundles definitions from an HTTP servers. A list of HTTP bundles repositories is defined in the config map and can be changed in the runtime. By default, the Helm Broker contains an embedded HTTP server which serves bundles from the Kyma bundles directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm Broker is a [Service Broker](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/service-catalog#service-brokers-service-brokers) which runs on the Kyma cluster and deploys applications into the Kubernetes cluster using Kyma bundles and the [Helm](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm) client. A bundle is an abstraction layer over a Helm chart which allows you to represent it as a ClusterServiceClass in the Service Catalog. For example, a bundle can provide plan definitions or binding details. The Helm Broker fetches bundles definitions from HTTP servers. A list of HTTP bundles repositories is defined in the ConfigMap and you can change it in the runtime. By default, the Helm Broker contains an embedded HTTP server which serves bundles from the Kyma `bundles` directory.
```
